gmp scripts name change (#244)
greenbone/gvm-tools: CHANGELOG.md

  [PR 220](https://github.com/greenbone/gvm-tools/pull/220)
  [PR 225](https://github.com/greenbone/gvm-tools/pull/225)
- The script `random-report-gen.gmp` now uses argparser, to improve its usage [PR 223](https://github.com/greenbone/gvm-tools/pull/223)

> * Use .py ending for all gmp scripts to support auto highlighting [#pr-number](pr-ulr)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use .py ending for all gmp scripts to support auto highlighting [#244](https://github.com/greenbone/gvm-tools/pull/244)
```
